<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2016, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="ExerciseATask-4D03CB1D" xml:lang="en">
<title>Exercise a Task</title>
<shortdesc>This is a task with elements to exercise Text thanks to
the Bob Ross Lorem Ipsum Generator: http://www.bobrosslipsum.com/</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata><keywords><indexterm>leaves</indexterm></keywords></metadata>
</prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p>prereq </p><p>We'll put some happy little leaves here and
there. Almost everything is going to happen for you automatically
- you don't have to spend any time working or worrying.</p><p>Let's
make a happy little mountain now. Let's make some happy little clouds
in our world.</p></prereq>
<context><p>context</p><p>We'll put some happy little leaves here
and there. Almost everything is going to happen for you automatically
- you don't have to spend any time working or worrying. Let's make
a happy little mountain now. Let's make some happy little clouds in
our world.</p><p>We don't want to set these clouds on fire. If you
overwork it you become a cloud killer. There's nothing worse than
a cloud killer. This is unplanned it really just happens. Learn when
to stop.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>This is your world, whatever makes you happy you can put
in it. Go crazy.</cmd>
<info><p>We'll put some happy little leaves here and there. Almost
everything is going to happen for you automatically - you don't have
to spend any time working or worrying. Let's make a happy little mountain
now. Let's make some happy little clouds in our world.</p><p>We don't
want to set these clouds on fire. If you overwork it you become a
cloud killer. There's nothing worse than a cloud killer. This is unplanned
it really just happens. Learn when to stop.</p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Just make a decision and let it go.</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>We don't want to set these clouds on fire.</choice>
<choice> If you overwork it you become a cloud killer. </choice>
<choice>There's nothing worse than a cloud killer.</choice>
<choice>This is unplanned it really just happens.</choice>
<choice>Learn when to stop</choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
