<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2016, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="ExerciseAReference-4D041A3F" xml:lang="en">
<title>Exercise a reference</title>
<shortdesc>This is a reference with elements to exercise Text thanks to
the Bob Ross Lorem Ipsum Generator: http://www.bobrosslipsum.com/</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata><keywords><indexterm>mind<indexterm>blown<index-see-also
>explosion</index-see-also></indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>various running text block elements</title><p
audience="Novice">Paragraph. The first step to doing anything is to
believe you can do it. See it finished in your mind before you ever
start. I thought today we would make a happy little stream that's
just running through the woods here.</p><p audience="Expert">A little
happy sunlight shining through there. We don't want to set these clouds
on fire. You don't have to spend all your time thinking about what
you're doing, you just let it happen. It's life. It's interesting.
It's fun. Volunteering your time; it pays you and your whole community
fantastic dividends. Sometimes you learn more from your mistakes than
you do from your masterpieces. Let's make a happy little mountain
now.</p><ol>
<li><p>ordered list</p></li>
<li><p>Trees get lonely too, so we'll give him a little friend. And
just raise cain.</p></li>
<li><p>That's what painting is all about. It should make you feel
good when you paint.</p></li>
<li><p>Work on one thing at a time. Don't get carried away - we have
plenty of time. When you buy that first tube of paint it gives you
an artist license. We'll throw some old gray clouds in here just sneaking
around and having fun.</p></li>
<li><p>We're not trying to teach you a thing to copy. We're just here
to teach you a technique, then let you loose into the world. Trees
cover up a multitude of sins. We don't make mistakes we just have
happy little accidents.</p></li>
</ol><p>A little happy sunlight shining through there. We don't want
to set these clouds on fire. You don't have to spend all your time
thinking about what you're doing, you just let it happen.</p><p>It's
life. It's interesting. It's fun.</p><p>Volunteering your time; it
pays you and your whole community fantastic dividends.</p><p>Sometimes
you learn more from your mistakes than you do from your masterpieces.</p
><p>Let's make a happy little mountain now.</p><ul>
<li><p>unordered list</p></li>
<li><p>Nice little clouds playing around in the sky. It's almost like
something out of a fairytale book.</p></li>
<li><p>Anything you want to do you can do here. Isn't that fantastic?
You can just push a little tree out of your brush like that. Let's
put a touch more of the magic here.</p></li>
<li><p>You can do anything here. So don't worry about it. Just a happy
little shadow that lives in there. We tell people sometimes: we're
like drug dealers, come into town and get everybody absolutely addicted
to painting. It doesn't take much to get you addicted.</p></li>
</ul><p>A little happy sunlight shining through there. We don't want
to set these clouds on fire. You don't have to spend all your time
thinking about what you're doing, you just let it happen. Let's make
a happy little mountain now. It's life. It's interesting. It's fun.
Volunteering your time; it pays you and your whole community fantastic
dividends. Sometimes you learn more from your mistakes than you do
from your masterpieces. Let's make a happy little mountain now.</p
><p>A little happy sunlight shining through there. We don't want to
set these clouds on fire. You don't have to spend all your time thinking
about what you're doing, you just let it happen. Let's make a happy
little mountain now. It's life. It's interesting. It's fun. Volunteering
your time; it pays you and your whole community fantastic dividends.
Sometimes you learn more from your mistakes than you do from your
masterpieces. Let's make a happy little mountain now.</p><p>A little
happy sunlight shining through there. We don't want to set these clouds
on fire. You don't have to spend all your time thinking about what
you're doing, you just let it happen. Let's make a happy little mountain
now. It's life. It's interesting. It's fun. Volunteering your time;
it pays you and your whole community fantastic dividends. Sometimes
you learn more from your mistakes than you do from your masterpieces.
Let's make a happy little mountain now.</p><table>
<title>table title</title>
<tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="col1"/><colspec colname="col2"/>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry><p>There isn't a rule. You just practice and find out which
way works best for you. It's hard to see things when you're too close.
Take a step back and look.</p></entry>
<entry><p>All kinds of happy little splashes. Didn't you know you
had that much power? You can move mountains. You can do anything.
These little son of a guns hide in your brush and you just have to
push them out.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><p>That's the way I look when I get home late; black and blue.</p
></entry>
<entry><p>Exercising the imagination, experimenting with talents,
being creative; these things, to me, are truly the windows to your
soul. Everything's not great in life, but we can still find beauty
in it. Now we can begin working on lots of happy little things.</p
></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></section>
<section><title>a whole lotta paragraphs of different sizes and different
inline markup</title><p>If you <b>don't</b> like it - change it. It's
your world. If these lines aren't straight, your water's going to
run right out of your painting and get your floor wet.</p><p>I think
there's an <i>artist</i> hidden in the bottom of every single one
of us. Don't fight it, use what happens.</p><p>We don't really <u
>know</u> where this goes - and I'm not sure we really care. Let that
brush dance around there and play. We don't have to be <indexterm
>concerned</indexterm> about it. We just have to let it fall where
it will.</p><p>We'll <apiname>make</apiname> some happy little bushes
here. You can do anything here. So don't worry about it. The only
thing worse than yellow snow is green snow.</p><p>Don't be <codeph
>afraid</codeph> to make these big <filepath>decisions</filepath>.
Once you start, they sort of just make themselves. This is an example
of what you can do with just a few things, a little <ph>imagination</ph
> and a happy dream in your <text>heart</text>. Those great big fluffy
clouds.</p><p>Very easy to work these to death. La- da- da- da- dah.
Just be happy. Didn't you know you had <wintitle>that</wintitle> much
power? You can move <option>mountains</option>. You can do anything.</p
><ul>
<li><p>Just a happy little <uicontrol>shadow</uicontrol> that lives
in there. Look around, look at what we have. <varname>Beauty</varname
> is everywhere, you only have to look to see it.</p></li>
<li><p>And right <userinput>there</userinput> you got an <overline
>almighty</overline> cloud.</p></li>
<li><p>You can get <parameterentity>away</parameterentity> with a
lot.</p></li>
<li><p>And just raise cain. You can create anything that makes you
happy.</p></li>
<li><p>Everybody's <q>different</q>. Trees are different. Let them
all be individuals.</p></li>
</ul><p>Even trees need a <sup>friend</sup>. We all need <sub>friends</sub
>. This is your world. I really <systemoutput>recommend</systemoutput
> you use odorless thinner or your spouse is gonna run you right out
into the yard and you'll be working by yourself.</p><p>The man who
does the best job is the one who is happy at his job. No worries.
No cares. Just float and <term>wait for the wind</term> to blow you
around. Let's put some happy trees and bushes back in here.</p><p
>Do an <tt>almighty</tt> painting with us. Maybe we got a few little
happy bushes here, just covered with snow. Fluff it up a little and
hypnotize it. It's life. It's <xmlpi>interesting</xmlpi>. It's fun.</p
><p>It's almost like <xmlnsname>something</xmlnsname> out of a fairytale
book. If you've been in <xmlelement>Alaska</xmlelement> less than
a year you're a Cheechako. How do you make a <xmlatt>round</xmlatt
> circle with a square knife? That's your <numcharref>challenge</numcharref
> for the day. Trees grow <markupname>however</markupname> makes them
happy.</p><p>When things <cmdname>happen</cmdname> - enjoy them. They're
little gifts. In painting, you have <fn>unlimited</fn> power. You
have the ability to move mountains. You can bend <keyword>rivers</keyword
>. But when I get home, the only thing I have <line-through>power</line-through
> over is the garbage. The least little bit can do so much. It is
a lot of fun. See <msgnum>there, told you that would</msgnum> be easy.
I like to beat the brush.</p><p>You want your tree to <synph>have</synph
> some character. Make it special. Every <textentity>highlight</textentity
> needs it's own personal shadow. Let's make a nice big leafy tree.
If what you're doing <tm tmtype="reg">doesn't</tm> make <tm
tmtype="service">you</tm> happy - you're <tm tmtype="tm">doing</tm
> the wrong thing.</p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
